[DOC] Updates to the upgrade chapter [ENTMQST-781] (#43)
rh-messaging/amq-streams-docs: books/proc-updating-kafka-brokers-to-new-inter-broker-protocol-version.adoc

.Procedure

> For all Kafka brokers in your {ProductName} cluster:

Reviewer: It's important this is done one at a time.

```suggestion
For each Kafka broker in your {ProductName} cluster and one at a time:
```
